[color=yellow]Some call her the Daughter of the Khan. Some call her little more than an egotistical bastard. Some call her the Thunder of the Gods-- but, at risk of being struck down, all call her [b]Thin Lizzy[/b].

Dyutaga was born under unexceptional circumstances. During her time as a general, her mother was quite promiscuous; oppressive as the regime may have been, its rulers were never willing to extend their moral regulation to sexual activity-- partially beacuse they knew it would only draw aggression from a people already forced to accept deep aggression against its freedom, and partially because many of its own highest officials were notable for their own extensive conquests, and would rather simply allow everyone their own freedom rather than face death should their abuses become known to their most fervrent (and, oftentimes, murderous) followers.

Thus, during her conquest of the Emerald Isles, the military officer who would give birth to our 'protagonist' met the subject of her fling-- a dedicated and loyal soldier raised under the country they were currently in the process of crushing, who had turned and defected to the regime long before they started their war. He stayed, and raised the young daughter that resulted, in the absence of her mother, who was conveniently reassigned roughly ten months after her arrival on the front lines. 

Dyutaga's resentment stewed only for a short time before it boiled over into crippling angst; by the time she reached adolescence, she was in and out of town prisons and constantly being 'escorted' back home, oftentimes after committing brutal assaults on peers that insulted her relation to a then-unpopular figure in the regime. At her father's behest, she entered the regime's military before she turned 18, with the alternative being spending 20 years in prison.

Figuring she would spend six years in the service and disappear, the young woman was surprised to find herself a rather comfortable niche in fighting war, a niche she stayed in for nearly fourteen years. [small]More on that later.[/small] She became known for her reckless viciousness in combat, a trait well-revered amongst the bloodthirsty officers that her mother had helped to put into place, to the degree that her first deployment on the field ended with her standing in front of a trail of enemy casualties, screaming and firing seemingly endlessly into routed enemy soldiers. 

Of course, her excessive and undiscerning 'strategy' inevitably led to serious injuries-- namely, the repeated loss of digits and limbs. In their place came cybernetic implants, and, later, extremely high-grade replacements, unintentionally patterned after her mother's own. The resemblance became even more striking as she acclimated to them and aged, to the degree that others started to really notice-- and point it out. Soon enough, it culminated in a single, misplaced compliment, directed at her by her partner at the time.

It was enough to undam the wall of growth she had built around her angst, creating a flood of irrationality; irrationality that the ever-hungry weapons testing initiative of the regime was willing to use against her, promising to let her undergo extensive cosmetic surgery in exchange for becoming a guinea pig for a new, energy-manipulation focused magitech system. It was the perfect deal, especially with Dyutaga being in no real condition to consider her options...

The surgeries were a rousing success, on both fronts. She had absolutely no qualms with the more aquatic theme, either-- not only did it pull her away from her mother's visual influence, but it fit her coastal upbringing and penchant for electricity, a preference she developed early into her first dalliances with arcane powers. 

The next few years were a whirlwind haze of murder and military decoration, as her endless fighting capability and similarly limitless fervor gained her medal after medal, slowly repairing the confidence that had been critically off-set by her stumble. Of course, this was right around when her mother was really consolidating power, and she couldn't have even a single note of dissent slide out of the empire's citizens in this critical time...

... which makes it unfortunate that Dyutaga's significant other was completely unaware of all of this, and figured that the regime had disappeared her girlfriend. Then, she made the mistake of trying to put things out to the public... needless to say, it only took weeks before she, herself, disappeared.

Dyutaga only found out the news after her discharge, but the distancing factor of time did nothing to quell the unbridled rage that resurfaced in her heart when she did get word. The dam that had been built over her rage was cracked, and, little by little, crumbled apart... still, the torrential overflow was held back just enough for her not to break down, just enough for her to figure where her mother was going to be, during a troop movement...

When they met, face to face, for the first time since Dyutaga's infancy, they both knew what the intent was-- and they fought for their lives. Blow against blow, magic against magic, they fought with all of their strength (without interruption, mind), knowing that the loser faced death for their failure. For those on the outskirts, it was, most likely, the event of their lives.

In the end, the Daughter won. It took hours of constant blows, the near-complete destruction of the outpost, nearly all of their magical repertoires, and the pushing of their bodies to the absolute limits, but, in the end, Dyutaga stood triumphant-- if drained, sweaty, and bearing some wounds. Confronted with her end, and a great many questions (all in the general area of 'why'), the Khan gave her last statement, with a surprising degree of sincerity and simplicity, most likely brought about by the impending end of her life: "I should've been there, haven't I? ... well. It's better by you, and better than me."

And, thus, Dschingha, the Blessed Golden Khan, was felled. Within a week, Dyutaga, the Thundrous One, was instated in her place, having rightfully attained her title through the trial of combat, as established by her mother early into her reign, assuming it would be a clause she'd never have to obey.

In comparison to her mother's authoritarian and abusive rule, Dyutaga has governed with a fairer fist, albeit one still made of iron; one could pose that the people of her empire have gone from "oppressed" to "strictly managed", and although the state has lost its measures of absolute control, it has gained in economic efficiency...


